# Winning Prediction in One Day International ODI Cricket using Machine Learning Techniques.
   Cricket prediction can be viewed as one of the objectives of sports analyt- ics, which aims at helping decision makers to gain competitive advantage. Data Analysis is becoming more common specially in Sports. Using data analysis results has become familiar in sports organization such as Interna- tional Cricket Council (ICC), International Federation of Association Foot- ball (FIFA), GrandSlam of the International Tennis Federation.The difculty of this task depends on many factors, like the availability of data for the past events, the ability to gather data for future events, the knowledge needed to interpret gathered data, and others. In sports like Cricket and Football predicting the results become more difcult due to the changing nature of the Game. People focus on sports results,which is an important aspect, and the result of the game has become the focus and concentration of sports game. Various techniques for modelling a cricket match exist that yield dif- ferent result prediction algorithms.The modelling can be put under the four generic categories which are empirical models,dynamic systems,statistical techniques,articial intelligence(including expert systems.In the articial intel- ligence category, there are several approaches that focus on Bayesian network modelling. The Matrix factorization technique became very popular in the eld of multimedia content recommender systems where it showed good scal- ability and predictive accuracy. The idea behind using the latent features in our case is to be able to build a successful model. The outcome of this project will be a system which will predict the results of the upcoming matches.
